post-hackathon + template merge (#165)
nf-core/proteinfamilies: docs/output.md

The `hmm/raw` folder contains all originally created family HMMs. These models will be used downstream to recruit additional sequences in families, to compute
full MSAs if `--skip_additional_sequence_recruiting` is set to `false`, and/or to remove among-family redundancies if `--skip_family_redundancy_removal` is set to `false`.
When `--skip_family_redundancy_removal` is set to `false`, the `hmm/filtered` folder will also be produced with the filtered subset of the original raw HMMs.

> The `hmm/library` will contain a compiled single HMM file library gzip file per each sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `hmm/library` will contain a compiled and gzipped single HMM library file per sample.
```
I'm not sure I understand the message.
